>> Scott: Any questions on ServerLess,
Lambda, AWS,
any of this crazy stuff I just
mentioned or anything in general?
>> Scott: Yes?
>> Speaker 2: You had mentioned keeping
something warm earlier,
how does one do that?
>> Scott: Yeah,
how does one keep something warm?
Okay, there's a couple ways.
So when I said keeping something warm,
when you deploy a Lambda,
basically the reason
it's called ServerLess,
is because you don't have to
maintain the infrastructure.
But there's still infrastructure there and
there's a container there.
That container spins up every
time your Lambda's accessed and
then it tends to stay around there for
some period of time.
And it will stay longer if you
continue accessing that Lambda,
although eventually it will recycle.
So that's what's called keeping it warm
because that time from spinning up a new
container to your Lambda actually
running is called Cold Start.
So you can keep that warm by
just pinging your Lambda,
so that really depends on your Lambda.
So if your Lambda is
a API Lambda o API Gateway,
you could probably just set up a row or a
git request to it like some status page or
something right, so
that will keep it warm.
If your Lambda is not exposed by HTTP and
it's like some backgrounds off, then
you can subscribe a LAmbda to an interval
which is at the top of event you can do.
And on the interval you can just run the
Lambda, which will then keep them warm.
So there's many ways to do it, but
at the end of the day as long as you
invoke a Lambda on some interval then
that would increase the longevity
of the container that it's in, which will
decrease the chance of a cold start.
So that's what I mean by keeping it warm.
But eventually, you're gonna run into
a cold start, and when you do it's gonna
suck, for real, especially if your Lambdas
are big, we run into that problem a lot.
We have five-second API calls sometimes,
so it's kind of bad.
But also that has a lot to do
with our code, we had a really
bad database infrastructure set up too,
so it's a lot of things.
It's basically just
compounds all the way down,
so you kind of gotta have some clean
code to take advantage of that.
And for awhile I wasn't convinced that
Lambda would be a good approach yet
for something that was being used
that a client had to wait on.
Lambda's great for
anything in the background, hands down.
But then when it comes do to, all right,
this is an API request somebody's
gonna be waiting on it.
I wasn't convinced that it was ready but
now with things like CloudFlare Workers,
FaunaDB, service databases.
I'm convinced that,
actually you can get really good
performance out of these things.
Even with a code start penalty,
because you can actually use, you can grab
that performance back by having service
databases and things on the edge.
So where as before when it first came out,
I mean couldn't get an API
call faster than 200 milliseconds,
there's just nothing you can do about it.
So that's not the case anymore.
>> Speaker 3: What do people use,
or what did you use as
an alternative to avoid
the cold starts before?
Or what's, if you're gonna have
a bigger application that you wanna
serve always running,
what's the alternative in AWS?
>> Scott: If you want a bigger
application that's always running,
just a traditional server,
is what what you're asking?
>> Speaker 3: Yeah, I guess so,
you're just gonna host it on
a traditional server at that point?
>> Scott: Yeah,
you just put it on Beanstalk, or EC2,
or you can look at FarGate,
which is basically server-less containers.
So AWS Fargate, I don't know where
they come up with these names,
it's like they have a hat,
like Harry Potter.
You're like Fargate, so yeah, this one is,
it's like service containers basically.
So this one will run containers for you in
servers or clusters without you managing
the underlying infrastructure and
it will only charge you when you use it.
That would probably be the long,
server version of Serverless I guess.
>> Speaker 3: That's cool,
gonna ask, getting at.
Cool.
>> Speaker 4: This one doesn't work
with Kubernetes, though, I don't think?
>> Scott: Probably not,
I haven't really looked too much into it.
Let me see.
>> Speaker 4: The last,
if you scroll down,
it's the last line down there.
Right there, support for EKS, yeah.
>> Scott: Okay, yeah,
there's another one too.
I forgot what it's called,
but it's in preview.
And that one might be- I
think that's EKS actually.
Yeah, EKS, okay, yeah.
Fargate support for
EKS will be available 2018.
Yeah, it's coming.
>> Scott: Any other questions?
For API gateway cuz API
gateway's not that good.
Check out Kong, Kong's really dope.
Not the dog toy.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Scott: [LAUGH] Get Kong, yeah.
So this is lie ,y shape,
they pivoted and they do Kong now.
They have a paid enterprise plan,
super expensive.
So if you've got the money, look into it.
But the open source version
is actually really cool.
It's a LUA based API gateway,
based off LUA and NGINX,
which is really amazing and fast.
The open source version is really good,
and
there's tons of open source
dashboards that tie into it.
We use for the longest, so
we're probably gonna go back to it.
Highly recommend using this over API
gateway, way better, way more extensive.
Way better things as far as
authentication strategies.
You could do so many more things here,
had no problems with it whatsoever.
And it's free if you do the open source,
but here we got some questions here.
What do you think of Dino Gels
with Dynamo DVs when using Lambda.
I've never heard of Dino Gel,
that sounds like a toothpaste.
But let me see what that is,
it's a DynmoDBMapper, it's like an ORM.
I have no opinion on Dynmo gels, but
I think if there's any abstraction
around DynamoDB it's probably a safe bet
because interacting with
DynamoDB natively is horrible.
So yeah, I would say, go for it.
And using of a Lambda?
Yeah, of course, definitely.
Would you recommend using
DynamoDB disadvantages?
I would recommend using DynamoDB.
I think it's the best bet you could
use for AWS right now in your lambdas.
As long as you don't plan on doing things
like analytics on your database and
anything like that, but
as far as feature set goes, yeah,
it's pretty straight forward.
It's gonna give you the best support for
Lambda,
you're gonna be able to
subscribe to different events.
You're gonna be able to do
a lot of different things, but
you're gonna be stuck in
the Amazon ecosystem.
So you won't be able to benefit
from tools that only work with SQL,
some type of business analytics dashboard
unless you pipe it to some other ETL and
put it through there, or
you track it with segments.
So there's some things there, but
that's kinda true with any
non-based SQL database.
So I would say, yeah,
definitely at least give it a shot,
especially if you don't plan
on leaving AWS anytime soon.
But if you plan on,
we might go to DigitalOcean or
something later on then don't
do it because it's only for AWS.
What's your opinion about CIICD options,
I code Pipeline, I code build?
I don't use any of those CIIs that AWS
has, I think they're just, I don't know,
like I don't like things
that don't look good, and
they don't look good to
me I'll just say that.
So I've been using Travis and circle
lately, Travis has been pretty good.
So Jenkins is kind of old school for me, I
don't really like the way it looks either,
kind of picky on things that look good.
>> Speaker 3: Do you use code pipeline?
>> Scott: They use code pipeline,
so there you go.
It probably works good,
I just don't like the way it looks.
And I should, I got free credits, maybe
I should check it out but I don't know.
>> Scott: Okay, I think that's it,
any other questions?
Last call for some questions.
All right, thanks for coming.
Everybody is well equipped
to do some server less now.
If there's any other questions, feel
free to email me, reach out on Twitter,
Ahead of Mark, but thank you.
[APPLAUSE]